PivotGridDataSource: update the remoteOperations property (#4791)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/30 Data Layer/PivotGridDataSource/1 Configuration/remoteOperations.md

        take: 20
    }

> [note]If you use [local stores](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/PivotGridDataSource/Configuration/store/) in the PivotGridDataSource, disable the `remoteOperations` property to ensure that usage scenarios works properly.

Reviewer: What stores are considered local? Provide examples

Author: ArrayStore and LocalStore

        ]
    }

> A sorting operation executes on a back-end if you enable the `remoteOperations` property and set the ['scrolling.mode'](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) property to **'virtual'**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sorting operation executes on a back-end if you enable the `remoteOperations` property and set the ['scrolling.mode'](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPivotGrid/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) property to **'virtual'**.
```

> In all other cases, a sorting operation executes locally. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In all other cases, a sorting operation is executed locally. 
```
